Part 1: Get started with AI agent development on Azure
------------------------------------------------------

-- Ways developers can create AI agents: 
1. Azure AI Foundry Agent Service is a managed service in Azure that is designed to provide a framework for creating, managing, and using AI agents within Azure
AI Foundry. The service is based on the OpenAI Assistants API
2. OpenAI Assistants API provides a subset of the features in Foundry Agent Service, and can only be used with OpenAI models. 
3. Semantic Kernel is a lightweight, open-source development kit that you can use to build AI agents and orchestrate multi-agent solutions. Semantic kernel SDK
is for GenAI, where Semantic kernel framework is for Agentic solutions. 
4. AutoGen is an open-source framework for developing agents rapidly. It's useful as a research and ideation tool when experimenting with agents.
5. Microsoft 365 Agents SDK: For developers to create self hosted agents
6. Microsoft Copilot Studio provides a low-code development environment for anyone to quickly build and deploy agents that integrate with a Microsoft 365 ecosystem
7. Copilot Studio agent builder in Microsoft 365 Copilot: declarative. Best one for the beginers. 
next one would be MS Power platform
Orgs with more complex extentions can use M365 copilot studio 
For solutions on azure backend use azure AIstudio. Can start with foundry agent and elevate it to the semantic kernels. 


Foundry Agent Service has 3 parts: 
-- Models ( use common OpenAI or Azure AI foundry models)  
-- Knowlege ( enable the agent to ground prompts with contextual data)
-- Tools (Enable code interpretations) 
LAB: https://microsoftlearning.github.io/mslearn-ai-agents/Instructions/01-agent-fundamentals.html


Part 2: Develop an AI agent with Azure AI Foundry Agent Service
---------------------------------------------------------------

Knowledge tools
Knowledge tools enhance the context or knowledge of your agent. Available tools include:

Bing Search: Uses Bing search results to ground prompts with real-time live data from the web.
File search: Grounds prompts with data from files in a vector store.
Azure AI Search: Grounds prompts with data from Azure AI Search query results.
Microsoft Fabric: Uses the Fabric Data Agent to ground prompts with data from your Fabric data stores.

Action tools
Action tools perform an action or run a function. Available tools include:

Code Interpreter: A sandbox for model-generated Python code that can access and process uploaded files.
Custom function: Call your custom function code – you must provide function definitions and implementations.
Azure Function: Call code in serverless Azure Functions.
OpenAPI Spec: Call external APIs based on the OpenAPI 3.0 spec.

Lab: https://microsoftlearning.github.io/mslearn-ai-agents/Instructions/02-build-ai-agent.html


Part 3: Integrate custom tools into your agent
-------------------------------------------------



Part 4: Develop a multi-agent solution with Azure AI Foundry Agent Service


Part 5: Integrate MCP Tools with Azure AI Agents


Part 6: Develop an AI agent with Semantic Kernel


Part 7: Orchestrate a multi-agent solution using Semantic Kernel






